[SYCL][COMPAT] Added helper functions to manage library and kernel rt loads (#13053)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/syclcompat/README.md

`get_sycl_language_version` returns an integer representing the version of the
SYCL spec supported by the current SYCL compiler.

The `SYCLCOMPAT_CHECK_ERROR` macro encapsulates an error-handling mechanism for
expressions that might throw `sycl::exception` and `std::runtime_error`.
If no exceptions are thrown, it returns `syclcompat::error_code::SUCCESS`.
If a `sycl::exception` is caught, it returns `syclcompat::error_code::BACKEND_ERROR`.
If a `std::runtime_error` exception is caught,
`syclcompat::error_code::DEFAULT_ERROR` is returned instead.

> For both cases, it prints the error message to the standar
> d error stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both cases, it prints the error message to the standard
error stream.
```

``` c++
namespace syclcompat {

template <class... Args> class syclcompat_kernel_name;
template <int Arg> class syclcompat_kernel_scalar;

#if defined(_MSC_VER)
#define __syclcompat_align__(n) __declspec(align(n))
#define __syclcompat_inline__ __forceinline
#else
#define __syclcompat_align__(n) __attribute__((aligned(n)))
#define __syclcompat_inline__ __inline__ __attribute__((always_inline))
#endif

#if defined(_MSC_VER)
#define __syclcompat_noinline__ __declspec(noinline)
#else
#define __syclcompat_noinline__ __attribute__((noinline))
#endif

#define SYCLCOMPAT_COMPATIBILITY_TEMP (600)

#ifdef _WIN32
#define SYCLCOMPAT_EXPORT __declspec(dllexport)
#else
#define SYCLCOMPAT_EXPORT
#endif

namespace syclcompat {

> enum error_code { SUCCESS = 0, DEFAULT_ERROR = 999 };

Reviewer: Missing `BACKEND_ERROR`

Author: These were conflicting due to your previous review. Sorry about that, it's been fixed once the merge conflicts were resolved. Thanks!
